---
id: meeting-minutes-20200409
title: 2020.4.9 Agenda
sidebar_label: 2020.4.9
---

## Logistics 
### Day & Time
* Thursday, April 9th. 11am ET

## Attendees

* [Ffion Wiggins](https://github.com/ffionwiggins)
* Vijayesh Chandel (GS)
* [Beeke-Marie Nelke](https://github.com/beekemarie)(GS)
* [Shaun Aston](https://github.com/astonGS) (GS)
* [Ted Sanborn](https://github.com/TSanborn-ISDA) (ISDA)
* [Ajith Darwar](https://github.com/AJ73) (DB)
* [Paul Brine](https://github.com/brinepa) (DB)
* [Georg Schneider](https://github.com/GeorgSchneider) (Digital Asset)
* Rajagopalan Siddharthan (Barclays)
* [Aitana Myohl](https://github.com/aitana16) 
* [Rob Underwood](https://github.com/brooklynrob) 

## Agenda

### Roll Call

### Housekeeping
* In compliance with the FINOS Antitrust Policy: (i) Working Group meetings minutes are public, (ii) Working Group meetings are recorded (iii) the [FINOS Community Code of Conduct](https://www.finos.org/code-of-conduct) applies to this and all FINOS Working Group meetings (iv) an Agenda will be published and circulated ahead of upcoming meetings
* For more information see the [FINOS wiki](https://finosfoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/FINOS/pages/80642059/Community+Handbook#CommunityHandbook-WorkingGroup-LevelGovernance) or reach out to help@finos.org

### Agenda Item #1

### Agenda Item #2

### Agenda Item #3

### AOB

### Action items
